//TEXT1
everybody talks about happiness these days . 
i had somebody count the number of books with happiness in the title published in the last five years and they gave up after about 40 and there were many more . 
there is a huge wave of interest in happiness among researchers . 
there is a lot of happiness coaching . 
everybody would like to make people happier . 
but in spite of all this flood of work there are several cognitive traps that sort of make it almost impossible to think straight about happiness . 
and my talk today will be mostly about these cognitive traps . 
this applies to laypeople thinking about their own happiness and it applies to scholars thinking about happiness because it turns out we are just as messed up as anybody else is . 
the first of these traps is a reluctance to admit complexity . 
it turns out that the word happiness is just not a useful word anymore because we apply it to too many different things . 
i think there is one particular meaning to which we might restrict it but by and large this is something that we will have to give up and we will have to adopt the more complicated view of what well being is . 


//TEXT2
you know cadaver dissection is the traditional way of learning human anatomy . 
for students it is quite an experience but for a school it could be very difficult or expensive to maintain . 
so we learned the majority of anatomic classes taught they do not have a cadaver dissection lab . 
maybe those reasons or depending on where you are cadavers may not be easily available . 
so to address this we developed with a dr brown in stanford virtual dissection table . 
so we call this anatomage table . 
so with this anatomage table students can experience the dissection without a human cadaver . 
and the table form is important and since it is touch interactive just like the way they do dissections in the lab or furthermore just the way a surgeon operates on a patient you can literally interact with your table . 
our digital body is one to one life size so this is exactly the way students will see the real anatomy . 
i am going to do some demonstrations .


//TEXT3
hi my name is frank and i collect secrets . 
it all started with a crazy idea in november of 2004 . 
i printed up 3000 self addressed postcards just like this they were blank on one side and on the other side i listed some simple instructions . 
i asked people to anonymously share an artful secret they would never told anyone before . 
and i handed out these postcards randomly on the streets of washington dc not knowing what to expect . 
but soon the idea began spreading virally . 
people began to buy their own postcards and make their own postcards . 
i started receiving secrets in my home mailbox not just with postmarks from washington dc but from texas california vancouver new zealand iraq soon . 
my crazy idea did not seem so crazy .